Updated text for Direct Associations (#10234)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/domain-model/associations/association-storage.md

* **Upgraded projects** – for projects which are upgraded from an older version of Mendix, all new associations continue to be implemented as association tables

{{% alert color="info" %}}

> In your app settings you can [change the default](/refguide/app-settings/#miscellaneous) for all new associations. Existing associations will not be affected. Please note that some associations managed in the System module will be affected even if you haven't created new associations.

Reviewer: @stefanus-heath Are we saying that some of the associations in the **System** module will be updated. I think using "updated" would be clearer here. How about:
```suggestion
In your app settings you can [change the default](/refguide/app-settings/#miscellaneous) for all new associations.

Existing associations in your modules will not be affected. However, some existing associations owned by entities in the `System` module will be updated.
```

Author: changes made thank you
